Use clearer terminology in service worker docs (#4312)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/service_workers/index.md

  "name": "Awesome Test Extension",
  ...
  "background": {

>     "service_worker": "service-worker.js"

Reviewer: At the moment the canonical example filename for the main background entry point is `bacgkround.js`. This practice was established at some point in he past and carried over to Manifest V3. Do you want to change this across all our docs and samples?

Author: I actually do. I've observed conversations on StackOverflow where one party was talking about V2 and the other was talking about V3, but they didn't know it because they were both using the term 'background.js'.

Author: Have you given this any thought?

Author: Will do.

## Set up listeners {: #listeners }

Structure extension service workers around events the extension depends on. Defining functionally relevant

> events allows background scripts to lie dormant until those events are fired and prevents the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
events allows the service wroker to lie dormant until those events are fired and prevents the
```

extension from missing important triggers.

Listeners must be registered at the start of your extension service worker. Notice that in this
example the listener for creating bookmarks is at the top level of the script.

{% Compare 'better' %}

> ```js/8-10

Reviewer: Looks like we might have an off by one error here; I'm assuming that the comment wasn't supposed to be included in the highlight range and we should include the closing curly brace.

![Screenshot 2023-01-05 at 6 24 00 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1047763/210917111-8a56c9b4-1e4e-438d-86a5-f360379d9f5c.png)

````suggestion
```js/9-11
````

  // do something
});
```
{% endCompare %}

> If you put the same listener somewhere else, for examle, inside the `installed` listener, it may

Reviewer: Typo. 

```suggestion
If you put the same listener somewhere else, for example, inside the `installed` listener, it may
```

> If you put the same listener somewhere else, for examle, inside the `installed` listener, it may
> not be called when it is needed because it may not even be initialized yet.

Reviewer: Typo + rewrite for clarity. Might be good to discuss this one as it's a bit weird to wrap your head around.

```suggestion
If you put the same listener somewhere else, for example, inside the `installed` listener, 
the event will be dropped because the nested listener will not be registered when the browser 
attempts to dispatch it.
```

Author: I like your rewrite, but for some reason, I can't commit it.

Reviewer: Looks like the suggestion is outdated. I think you'll need to manually commit the change.

  // do something
});
```
{% endCompare %}

If you register the same listener asynchronously (for example, inside a `runtime.onInstalled` listener), 
the event will be dropped because the nested listener will not be registered when the browser 
attempts to dispatch it.

{% Compare 'worse' %}
```js
chrome.runtime.onInstalled.addListener(() => {

>   // ERROR! Events must be registered synchronously from the start of

Reviewer: Ah! Almost missed this. We should update the terminology in this comment to reflect the change made to the second paragraph after the "Set up listeners" header.

  });
});
```
{% endCompare %}

Extensions can remove listeners from their background scripts by calling `removeListener()`. 

## Filter events {: #filters }

Use APIs that support [event filters][8] to restrict listeners to specific use cases. If an
extension is listening for the [`tabs.onUpdated`][9] event, try using the

> [`webNavigation.onCompleted`][10] event with filters instead, as the tabs API does not support

Reviewer: Avoid overuse of "API".

```suggestion
[`webNavigation.onCompleted`][10] event with filters instead, as the `onUpdated` event does not support
```

  });
});
```
{% endCompare %}

Extensions can remove listeners from their background scripts by calling `removeListener()`. 

## Filter events {: #filters }

> Use APIs that support [event filters][8] to restrict listeners to specific use cases. If an
> extension is listening for the [`tabs.onUpdated`][9] event, try using the
> [`webNavigation.onCompleted`][10] event with filters instead, as the `onUpdated` event does not support
> filters.

Reviewer: tabs.onUpdated` and `webNavigation.onCompleted` are aimed at different uses, so this suggestion felt weird to me. As is my way, I inserted more context on this scenario to make it read better to me. I defer to you on whether this is a good change.

```suggestion
Use APIs that support [event filters][8] to restrict listeners to specific use cases. If an
extension is listening for the [`tabs.onUpdated`][9] event to detect when a user navigates
to a specific website, try using the [`webNavigation.onCompleted`][10] event with filters
instead, as the `tabs.onUpdated` event does not support filters.
```
